Lin Zhiqing, I am now being found out
Who the hell is trying to use me to frame you?
But have you thought of a way now?
In a previous life, I was knocked unconscious, stripped naked, and thrown on his bed
He was also drunk with veterinary medicine and thrown in
But he tried to restrain himself
He actually crawled into the cold water tank and squatted for half the night
Runaf
Sorry.
I implicated you
before you
The most important thing now is to find a way to get out
Don't worry, no matter what happens.
I will help you.
Doctor Zhang
Let's get the certificate, let's get the certificate, what do you say?
You know, you've thought about it
I'm willing to help you because of a girl without a reputation
Maybe I'll never get married.
But I
But you are from the most remote mountainous area below the capital
For thought transformation
Here you can only sweep the cowshed as a barefoot doctor
possible
I can't go back for the rest of my life
Now that you know all this
Why is it still hanging?
Before you, you came here from the bottom of Lin'an City
Participating in rural construction
Informed that there will be new return places every year
But if you have anything to do with me now
I may not be able to return to the city for the rest of my life
I think the smartest thing you can do now
Just hurry up
Get out from behind
Hurry up, Dr. Shen, you are right
But the people in the village won't believe us.
Nothing ever happened.
But if you give me the certificate
Maybe I won't be able to return to the city for the rest of my life
Do you really care?
That's okay.
Just wait until this is over before getting a divorce
You were originally a child of the capital courtyard
After a while, not only can you go back
And he's got a good reputation.
Very high status
What's more, the impact of divorce on him
Better than being knocked out of the eye
Such a decent-looking little girl
The attitude towards marriage is so casual
Divorced women have a bad reputation
Doesn't he know?
But say he has another purpose
It was sent by those people in the capital
I saw it all
I'd rather be dragged into the cowshed and ruined
Go and save him
Happy bastard
Go down to the village to catch a stove and dare to play hooligans
Let's go to save, I'd rather go and get married
Bastard, I'm too late to come out
Have you thought about it?
Even if I can escape this time
There will be a next time.
It's better to let them think they got it
Wait until they get back to town
I'll figure it out.
Okay, just think clearly
Can you get me a dress?
Those bastards
Take off my clothes
Ok, don't worry.
I don't peek.
Bullying bastard
Get out of here
Let go of Ning Zhiqing
Get out and wait a minute
Why is there no movement inside?
Shouldn't there be very little action today?
Quickly send the warehouse car.
Don't rush it yet
If you break in, you will alternate with educated youth
All right.
Rong Zhaonan, you beast
What would you rather do?